I have worked for a number of organizations in my life in the military
I practiced law in the small firm for awhile %HESITATION he I have
worked for Martin Marietta I worked on the car real ale pikes peak during
college %HESITATION in the sense that I've worked for several
different universities Celtic USC and universal life I think the difference
between most of the three this experiences academia's academia
has a unique blend of could it be universal %HESITATION admiration
the public has for academics the reasonable stability in the workforce
%HESITATION even though on soft money you can you can worry a lot
about where your next funding's coming from but I got to my career
%HESITATION getting laid off in the X. reasonable and %HESITATION
eight a more open as to who you are and who you want to be for instance
when I publish papers I can just publish whereas when I worked for
industry and for the military I had to get permission from very high
levels through a huge rigmarole process before anybody would let
me say anything %HESITATION but working for academia I sit down to
write my papers and sign my name to a much sentiment and they're gone